
client side:
01) learn all the necessary hooks.
02) check how to migrate to vite.
03) create a form that adds the user and not with the dummy button we did.
04) create a button for deleting a specific user.
05) create a form for updating a user.
06) when clicking on a user name, open a modal or anything else that will get the details of a single user.
07) learn about tanstack query and connect all of the endpoints you have done with fetch to it.
08) learn about redux. alternatively (preferred both) - learn about use context.

server side:
01) make more of these routes for user (*update get one etc.)
02) learn about ref in mongoose - when i want to connect one model to the other such as i am a user in facebook. 
03) and i created a post then in the post there wil be the id of the creator.
04) create validations in the controller (Via middlwware).
05) learn about hashing passwords with bcryptjs.
06) learn about JWT token and how to work with it in the client (httponlycookie).
06) learn about winston logger.


http://localhost:5000/api/users/:id/category/:category - example of multiple path params

NOTE: my to do list: 
01) implement the backend routes and controllers for the following requests: 
    01) list all the ads in our system under a list on the HomePage. --> a request which gets all the ads in the system.
    02) set markers on the googlemaps API with all the ADS on our system, different mark for donationAd and different mark for WishListAd. 
    03) list all the donation ads for a specific user.
    04) list all the wishlist ads for a specific user.
    05) list all the claim requests for a specific user (all the claim requests for all his donationsAds).
    06) we would want to enable a user to create wishlist ads. 
    07) we would want to enable a user to create a donatio ads.
    08) we would want to display a leaderboard page which displays all users the top 20 users in the app sorted by their rating.
        01) we would like to enable an option to sort them by their badges type. (display all users with "generous badge" etc..)
    09) we would want to allow one user to rate other user after a donation ad was donated sucessfully.
    10) we would want to allow one user to rate other user after a wishlist ad promise was accepted by the user who created the wishlist ad, and the wish as been granted(donated). 
    11) we would like to enable the user to delete a donation ad. 
    12) we would like to enable the user to edit a donation ad details, edit the donation ad items, delete items. 
    13) we would like to enable the user to delete a wishlist ad.
    14) we would like to enable the user to edit a wishlist ad, edit its details, and its items, delete items from the wishlist.
    


